doubles from all ears net and I'm here
right now with Janice Jones who a
customer and the customer creative
costuming department at Walt Disney
World
welcome we're here to talk about it's a
small world and Janice does a lot of the
custom een are you in charge of the
overall attraction when it comes to
customs yes I manage the team that
builds and maintains all of the costumes
for all the animatronics across property
okay and how do you ensure that the
dolls are dressed to the same way they
were in New York in the World's Fair we
have original documentation photos that
we adhere to very strictly so that the
dolls do not change unless an Imagineer
designer decides to add a little
something else to a show now I recently
saw your interview on the Disney parks
blog and you talked about all the bling
how many pieces of bling are there a lot
there's over 5,000 costume pieces in
just this attraction and that includes
all the jewelry the earrings necklaces
bracelets anklets so there's a lot of
pieces just everybody fun show something
in small world at some point we make all
the shoes we make the stockings we make
all of their clothing Asian dolls are
just amazing because of the detail of
the Thai dolls but then again we have
the Balkans
and all the employer
so it's really difficult to pick a very
favorite there I also know your mom so
it's a small world at the World's Fair
and I also did too
and it didn't sound like you got to go
but what were her feelings and what did
she say when she got back home well it
was my mom went with my aunts her
sisters so it was an all-girls trip and
they had a blast and like I said she
brought back a little booklet with a 45
of the of the music so it was just
fascinating and she brought back so many
photos and it was a great time for her
why do you think it's a small world has
such staying power all over the world
it's beautiful children singing and
dancing